adduser                                                install
apache2                                                install
apache2-mpm-worker                                install
apache2-utils                                        install
apache2.2-bin                                        install
apache2.2-common                                install
apt                                                install
apt-utils                                        install
apt-xapian-index                                install
aptitude-common                                        install
base-files                                        install
base-passwd                                        install
bash                                                install
bash-completion                                        install
bind9-host                                        install
binutils                                        install
bsdmainutils                                        install
bsdutils                                        install
build-essential                                        install
bzip2                                                install
ca-certificates                                        install
coreutils                                        install
cpio                                                install
cpp                                                install
cpp-4.7                                                install
cron                                                install
dash                                                install
debconf                                                install
debconf-i18n                                        install
debian-archive-keyring                                install
debianutils                                        install
diffutils                                        install
dnsutils                                        install
dosfstools                                        install
dpkg                                                install
dpkg-dev                                        install
dropbear                                        install
e2fslibs:sh4                                        install
e2fsprogs                                        install
emdebian-archive-keyring                        install
ept-cache                                        install
exfat-utils                                        install
fakeroot                                        install
findutils                                        install
ftp                                                install
g++                                                install
g++-4.7                                                install
gcc                                                install
gcc-4.6-base                                        install
gcc-4.7                                                install
gcc-4.7-base                                        install
geoip-database                                        install
git                                                install
git-man                                                install
gnupg                                                install
gpgv                                                install
grep                                                install
groff-base                                        install
gzip                                                install
hostname                                        install
ifupdown                                        install
info                                                install
initscripts                                        install
insserv                                                install
install-info                                        install
iproute                                                install
iptables                                        install
iputils-ping                                        install
isc-dhcp-client                                        install
isc-dhcp-common                                        install
kmod                                                install
krb5-locales                                        install
less                                                install
libacl1:sh4                                        install
libalgorithm-diff-perl                                install
libalgorithm-diff-xs-perl                        install
libalgorithm-merge-perl                                install
libapr1                                                install
libaprutil1                                        install
libaprutil1-dbd-sqlite3                                install
libaprutil1-ldap                                install
libapt-inst1.5:sh4                                install
libapt-pkg4.12:sh4                                install
libattr1:sh4                                        install
libavcodec53:sh4                                install
libavformat53:sh4                                install
libavutil51:sh4                                        install
libbind9-80                                        install
libblkid1:sh4                                        install
libboost-iostreams1.49.0                        install
libbsd0:sh4                                        install
libbz2-1.0:sh4                                        install
libc-bin                                        install
libc-dev-bin                                        install
libc6:sh4                                        install
libc6-dev:sh4                                        install
libcap2:sh4                                        install
libclass-isa-perl                                install
libcomerr2:sh4                                        install
libcups2:sh4                                        install
libcurl3-gnutls:sh4                                install
libdb5.1:sh4                                        install
libdirac-encoder0:sh4                                install
libdns88                                        install
libdpkg-perl                                        install
libedit2:sh4                                        install
liberror-perl                                        install
libevent-2.0-5:sh4                                install
libexif12:sh4                                        install
libexpat1:sh4                                        install
libfile-copy-recursive-perl                        install
libflac8:sh4                                        install
libgc1c2                                        install
libgcc1:sh4                                        install
libgcrypt11:sh4                                        install
libgdbm3:sh4                                        install
libgeoip1                                        install
libgmp10:sh4                                        install
libgnutls26:sh4                                        install
libgomp1                                        install
libgpg-error0:sh4                                install
libgpm2:sh4                                        install
libgsm1:sh4                                        install
libgssapi-krb5-2:sh4                                install
libid3tag0                                        install
libidn11:sh4                                        install
libisc84                                        install
libisccc80                                        install
libisccfg82                                        install
libjpeg8:sh4                                        install
libk5crypto3:sh4                                install
libkeyutils1:sh4                                install
libkmod2:sh4                                        install
libkrb5-3:sh4                                        install
libkrb5support0:sh4                                install
libldap-2.4-2:sh4                                install
liblocale-gettext-perl                                install
liblockfile-bin                                        install
liblockfile1:sh4                                install
liblwres80                                        install
liblzma5:sh4                                        install
libminiupnpc5                                        install
libmount1                                        install
libmp3lame0:sh4                                        install
libmpc2:sh4                                        install
libmpfr4:sh4                                        install
libnatpmp1                                        install
libncurses5:sh4                                        install
libncursesw5:sh4                                install
libnewt0.52                                        install
libnfnetlink0                                        install
libogg0:sh4                                        install
libopenjpeg2:sh4                                install
liborc-0.4-0:sh4                                install
libp11-kit0:sh4                                        install
libpam-modules:sh4                                install
libpam-modules-bin                                install
libpam-runtime                                        install
libpam0g:sh4                                        install
libpcre3:sh4                                        install
libpipeline1:sh4                                install
libpopt0:sh4                                        install
libprocps0:sh4                                        install
libreadline6:sh4                                install
librtmp0:sh4                                        install
libsasl2-2:sh4                                        install
libsasl2-modules:sh4                                install
libschroedinger-1.0-0:sh4                        install
libselinux1:sh4                                        install
libsemanage-common                                install
libsemanage1:sh4                                install
libsepol1:sh4                                        install
libslang2:sh4                                        install
libspeex1:sh4                                        install
libsqlite3-0:sh4                                install
libss2:sh4                                        install
libssh2-1:sh4                                        install
libssl1.0.0:sh4                                        install
libstdc++6:sh4                                        install
libstdc++6-4.7-dev                                install
libswitch-perl                                        install
libsysfs2:sh4                                        install
libtalloc2:sh4                                        install
libtasn1-3:sh4                                        install
libtdb1:sh4                                        install
libtext-charwidth-perl                                install
libtext-iconv-perl                                install
libtext-wrapi18n-perl                                install
libtheora0:sh4                                        install
libtimedate-perl                                install
libtinfo5:sh4                                        install
libudev0:sh4                                        hold
libusb-0.1-4:sh4                                install
libustr-1.0-1:sh4                                install
libuuid1:sh4                                        install
libva1:sh4                                        install
libvorbis0a:sh4                                        install
libvorbisenc2:sh4                                install
libvpx1:sh4                                        install
libwbclient0:sh4                                install
libwrap0:sh4                                        deinstall
libx11-6:sh4                                        install
libx11-data                                        install
libxapian22                                        install
libxau6:sh4                                        install
libxcb1:sh4                                        install
libxdmcp6:sh4                                        install
libxext6:sh4                                        install
libxml2:sh4                                        install
libxmuu1:sh4                                        install
libxvidcore4:sh4                                install
linux-libc-dev:sh4                                install
localepurge                                        deinstall
locales                                                install
lockfile-progs                                        install
login                                                install
logrotate                                        install
lsb-base                                        install
lsb-release                                        install
make                                                install
man-db                                                install
manpages                                        install
manpages-dev                                        install
mawk                                                install
mime-support                                        install
minidlna                                        install
mlocate                                                install
mount                                                install
multiarch-support                                install
nano                                                install
ncurses-base                                        install
ncurses-bin                                        install
net-tools                                        install
netbase                                                install
netcat-openbsd                                        install
netcat-traditional                                install
ntpdate                                                install
openssh-blacklist                                install
openssh-blacklist-extra                                install
openssh-client                                        install
openssh-server                                        deinstall
openssl                                                install
passwd                                                install
patch                                                install
perl                                                install
perl-base                                        install
perl-modules                                        install
procps                                                install
psmisc                                                install
python                                                install
python-apt                                        install
python-apt-common                                install
python-chardet                                        install
python-debian                                        install
python-minimal                                        install
python-support                                        install
python-xapian                                        install
python2.6                                        deinstall
python2.6-minimal                                deinstall
python2.7                                        install
python2.7-minimal                                install
readline-common                                        install
rsync                                                install
rsyslog                                                install
samba                                                install
samba-common                                        install
samba-common-bin                                install
sed                                                install
sensible-utils                                        install
sgml-base                                        install
ssl-cert                                        install
sudo                                                install
sysv-rc                                                install
sysvinit                                        install
sysvinit-utils                                        install
tar                                                install
tasksel                                                install
tasksel-data                                        install
tdb-tools                                        install
telnet                                                install
traceroute                                        install
transmission-cli                                install
transmission-common                                install
transmission-daemon                                install
tzdata                                                install
ucf                                                install
udev                                                hold
update-inetd                                        install
util-linux                                        install
vim                                                install
vim-common                                        install
vim-runtime                                        install
vim-tiny                                        install
w3m                                                install
wget                                                install
whiptail                                        install
xauth                                                install
xml-core                                        install
xz-utils                                        install
zlib1g:sh4                                        install
